My whole life I wanted to be a teacher.
It was very gratifying.
But yet there was something that was empty in my life.
I would see children that were disabled.
Not because they had done anything wrong.
They were just born that way.
And I thought to myself,
that doesn't make sense to me.
God is a God of love.
I know God could fix all these things.
Why hasn't he?
And then it was a child in my school
that successfully got me the answers to my questions.
She asked me the question,
do you know I'm one of Jehovah's Witnesses?
Would you like to know more about Jehovah's Witnesses?
And I thought to myself,
I do. I really do.
Why don't you come over and visit me someday
and tell me about Jehovah's Witnesses?
When she came back the next week, I sat there and listened.
And she taught me things.
She taught me how to look into my own Bible
to find the answers to questions.
And all of this sudden,
I'm getting answer after answer after answer,
which for 25 years,
I couldn't find these answers anywhere.
And it was amazing to me.
And I said, yes, this is the way it should be.
How do you get a close relationship with God?
First thing, you'll learn His name.
And after you know His name,
that's when the relationship gets closer.
And then you get to know Him more and more
as you go through the Bible,
as you learn scriptures.
And now that emptiness
that I had felt prior
was beginning to fill up.
And as you come to know Jehovah,
then you not only have your emptiness filled,
you're beginning to bubble over.
And now you want to share it with others.